total 
drwxr-xr-x .
drwxr-xr-x ..
drwxr-xr-x alsa
drwxr-xr-x alternatives
drwxr-xr-x apache2
drwxr-xr-x apparmor
drwxr-xr-x apparmor.d
drwxr-xr-x apt
drwxr-xr-x avahi
drwxr-xr-x binfmt.d
drwxr-xr-x bluetooth
drwxr-xr-x ca-certificates
drwxr-s--- chatscripts
drwxr-xr-x chromium
drwxr-xr-x console-setup
drwxr-xr-x cracklib
drwxr-xr-x cron.d
drwxr-xr-x cron.daily
drwxr-xr-x cron.hourly
drwxr-xr-x cron.monthly
drwxr-xr-x cron.weekly
drwxr-xr-x cupshelpers
drwxr-xr-x dbus-1
drwxr-xr-x dconf
drwxr-xr-x default
drwxr-xr-x dhcp
drwxr-xr-x dictionaries-common
drwxr-xr-x discover.conf.d
drwxr-xr-x dpkg
drwxr-xr-x emacs
drwxr-xr-x environment.d
drwxr-xr-x firefox-esr
drwxr-xr-x fonts
drwxr-xr-x fwupd
drwxr-xr-x gdm3
drwxr-xr-x geoclue
drwxr-xr-x ghostscript
drwxr-xr-x glvnd
drwxr-xr-x gnome
drwxr-xr-x gnome-chess
drwxr-xr-x groff
drwxr-xr-x grub.d
drwxr-xr-x gss
drwxr-xr-x gtk-2.0
drwxr-xr-x gtk-3.0
drwxr-xr-x ifplugd
drwxr-xr-x init.d
drwxr-xr-x initramfs-tools
drwxr-xr-x insserv.conf.d
drwxr-xr-x ipp-usb
drwxr-xr-x iproute2
drwxr-xr-x kernel
drwxr-xr-x ldap
drwxr-xr-x ld.so.conf.d
drwxr-xr-x libblockdev
drwxr-xr-x libnl-3
drwxr-xr-x libpaper.d
drwxr-xr-x libreoffice
drwxr-xr-x lighttpd
lrwxrwxrwx localtime
drwxr-xr-x logcheck
drwxr-xr-x logrotate.d
drwxr-xr-x lvm
drwxr-xr-x modprobe.d
drwxr-xr-x modules-load.d
lrwxrwxrwx mtab
drwxr-xr-x network
drwxr-xr-x NetworkManager
drwxr-xr-x openal
drwxr-xr-x openni2
drwxr-xr-x opt
lrwxrwxrwx os-release
drwxr-xr-x PackageKit
drwxr-xr-x pam.d
drwxr-xr-x perl
drwxr-xr-x pipewire
drwxr-xr-x pki
drwxr-xr-x plymouth
drwxr-xr-x pm
drwxr-xr-x polkit-1
drwxr-xr-x ppp
drwxr-xr-x profile.d
drwxr-xr-x pulse
drwxr-xr-x python3
drwxr-xr-x python3.9
drwxr-xr-x rc0.d
drwxr-xr-x rc1.d
drwxr-xr-x rc2.d
drwxr-xr-x rc3.d
drwxr-xr-x rc4.d
drwxr-xr-x rc5.d
drwxr-xr-x rc6.d
drwxr-xr-x rcS.d
lrwxrwxrwx rmt
drwxr-xr-x rsyslog.d
drwxr-xr-x runit
drwxr-xr-x sane.d
drwxr-xr-x security
drwxr-xr-x selinux
drwxr-xr-x sensors.d
drwxr-xr-x sgml
drwxr-xr-x skel
drwxr-xr-x snmp
drwxr-xr-x speech-dispatcher
drwxr-xr-x ssh
drwxr-xr-x ssl
drwxr-xr-x sudoers.d
drwxr-xr-x sv
drwxr-xr-x sysctl.d
drwxr-xr-x systemd
drwxr-xr-x terminfo
drwxr-xr-x timidity
drwxr-xr-x tmpfiles.d
drwxr-xr-x udev
drwxr-xr-x udisks2
drwxr-xr-x ufw
drwxr-xr-x update-motd.d
drwxr-xr-x UPower
drwxr-xr-x usb_modeswitch.d
drwxr-xr-x vim
drwxr-xr-x vmware-tools
drwxr-xr-x vulkan
drwxr-xr-x wpa_supplicant
drwxr-xr-x X11
drwxr-xr-x xdg
drwxr-xr-x xml
